Document MotherDuck support (#271)
spiceai/docs: spiceaidocs/docs/data-connectors/duckdb.md

    name: my_dataset
```

> To connect to a [MotherDuck](https://motherduck.com/) use [MotherDuck Data Connector](motherduck).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use [MotherDuck](https://motherduck.com/) as a data source use the [MotherDuck Data Connector](./motherduck.md).
```
